growing up I always wanted to be like
Spider-Man so I think I subconsciously
trained a little bit to be like Peter
Parker here's how one build a strong
base in calisthenics and it doesn't have
to be the hard stuff like this you have
to start with things like push-ups
pull-ups and squats and before you know
it you'll be doing one arm push-ups and
muscle ups and eventually you'll get two
dragon squats but you are not done yet
Spider-Man is also very flexible so
build a Bas and flexibility but don't
start with the splits standing pancakes
long lunges and back bends I know this
is a little overwhelming but I have free
ebooks so you at least have the
flexibility bases covered oh stay
flexible